docker compose setup (#427)
itk-dev/hoeringsportal: documentation/openIdConnect.md

Connect. Users and their claims are defined in
[`docker-compose.override.yml`](../../../../docker-compose.override.yml).

## Employee authentification

```php
# settings.local.php
$config['openid_connect.settings']['role_mappings']['administrator'][] = 'administrator';
$config['openid_connect.settings']['role_mappings']['editor'][] = 'editor';
```

Create department taxonomy terms:

```shell
docker compose exec phpfpm vendor/bin/drush php:eval "\Drupal\taxonomy\Entity\Term::create(['name' => 'Department A', 'vid' => 'department', 'status' => 1])->save();"
docker compose exec phpfpm vendor/bin/drush php:eval "\Drupal\taxonomy\Entity\Term::create(['name' => 'Department B', 'vid' => 'department', 'status' => 1])->save();"
```

## Debugging OpenID Connect authentification

```sh
docker compose --profile oidc up --detach
```

During development it can be useful to see the user info we actually get during
OpenID Connect authentification, and to do this you can apply the patch
[debug-userinfo.patch](../patches/drupal/openid_connect/debug-userinfo.patch):

```sh
docker compose exec phpfpm patch --strip=1 --input=patches/drupal/openid_connect/debug-userinfo.patch
```

> After applying the patch and succesfully logging in, the actual userinfo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying the patch and succesfully logging in, the actual user info
```
